c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.dll.config
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.pdb
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.pdb
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Ducacos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.dll.config
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.pdb
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Core.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Core.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.pdb
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
E:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.dll.config
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\enLightRecipe.pdb
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Core.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Core.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.dll
D:\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\enLightRecipe\obj\Debug\enLightRecipe.pdb
